- [Instructor] Yet again, Explore California
has changed the requirements on us.
At its inception, we designed for the main model
to call out all the different fields
currently on its website
but now they want the import file to be flexible
such that each tour record could vary in name and quantity.
Here's an example of the possible differences.
In the first record, we see a new kind of region,
Central East, which is not part of our region enumeration
and in the second record,
we have new fields
that were not part of the original design,
audience and surcharge, and difficulties missing altogether.
Each record will always have package type
and the title field.
The package type name will continue to match
a discrete list of tour package names.
So here is our first use case.
This is for the person who creates the dot json file.
It explains the constraints on the file.
Our next use case describes how the response body
from the tours endpoint can change.
The summary fields, ID, title, tour package code,
tour package name will be static.
Then, there is a dynamic list of detail fields.
The details are key value pairs matching
the dot json file details.
And our last use case is a new search endpoint
which only returns the summary fields, not the details.
To meet these requirements,
it has been decided to pivot to a MongoDB data store.
MongoDB repositories have no schema requirements,
making it flexible to different record content.
There is no foreign key concept between tables
so the application itself must guard against
referential integrity errors.
Happily, there is Spring Data MongoDB,
which follows the same patterns as Spring Data JPA.
Code refactoring is required,
but the structure of our microservice will not be changed,
so some of the differences in Spring Data MongoDB
than Spring Data JPA, the @Entity annotation
is replaced with @Document.
There remains an @Id,
but they come from different packages.
Generated value in JPA is not present in Mongo
because they're automatically generated
unless you override the ID.
There is no @Column in MongoDB
because we don't have columns.
@Indexed on Mongo is an annotation
where you can increase the search performance
on a particular field and because there's no referencing
between tables, we don't have many to one, one to many,
many to many, or one to one.
Finally, there is an @DBRef on the Mongo side,
which allows one document to refer to another document.
For the remainder of this chapter,
we will use my IDE to compare the 5-begin branch,
which is the JPA solution,
with the 5-end branch, the MongoDB solution.
The most critical difference is the change of dependencies
in the pom.xml.
Deleted code is gray.
Green code is new.
On line 24, we see that the application requires
Spring Data MongoDB instead of the JPA starter.
On line 28, we pull in flapdoodle,
which is an in-memory Mongo database
and finally on line 33,
we see that the h2 dependency has been removed.